README.md, before:

# react_portfolio

# portfolioTwo

### Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Link to Portfolio](#link-to-portfolio)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
- [Highlights](#highlights)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Contributor](#contributor)
- [Sources](#sources)

## Description
This is my portfolio of applications I developed. There are image cards with links to the deployed application and the repo. 

## Link to Portfolio
Here is the link to my portfolio. I hope you enjoy it!
[Stephanie's Portfolio](https://whatawhat.github.io/portfolioTwo/)

## Technologies Used
```
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
```

## Highlights
There are several features to this portfolio that I'm very proud of. 

- In the contact me section, I was able to make the phone number a link. This will be very valuable when viewing from a cell phone or any device that allows the user to call immediately. This allows the viewer to tap the number and call.

- In the contact me section, I was able to link my email address so when clicked on it, the viewer will go to their default email application to send an email. 

- I enjoyed making the cards and aligning them to be mobile responsive with clear buttons that link.

- The navigation bar will take the viewer to the appropriate section.

## Screenshots
This is the main screen for the full size view.
![Mainpage in full size view](./images/portfolioL1.png)

This is a view of the project cards in the full size view. All of the cards are the same size with clickable buttons. 
![Project cards for full size view](./images/portfolioL2.png)

This is the main screen for the mobile size view. 
![Mobile size view of main page](./images/portfolioS1.png)

This is the view of the project cards in the mobile view. As you can see, the cards are in a column instead of a row.
![Mobile size view of project cards](./images/portfolioS2.png)

## Contributor
- Stephanie Davis

## Questions
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. 
- GitHub: [whatawhat](www.github.com/whatawhat) to visit my repository
- Email: stephedavis12@gmail.com

Commit message:

revised readme with correct information

README.md, after:

# React Portfolio

### Table of Contents
- [Description](#Description)
- [Link to Portfolio](#link-to-portfolio)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)
- [Highlights](#highlights)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Contributor](#contributor)
- [Sources](#sources)

## Description
This is my portfolio using React. There are image cards of deployed applications. There's a contact form. The bottom buttons are linked to my profiles as well my number and email.  

## Link to Portfolio
Here is the link to my portfolio. I hope you enjoy it!
[Stephanie's React Portfolio](https://whatawhat.github.io/react_portfolio/)

## Technologies Used
```
HTML
CSS
Bootstrap
React
```

## Highlights
There are several features to this portfolio that I'm very proud of. 

- I enjoyed making my photo rounded. I love the way it looks even though I wanted a thumbnail.

- In the contact me section, I was able to make the phone number a link. This will be very valuable when viewing from a cell phone or any device that allows the user to call immediately. This allows the viewer to tap the number and call.

- In the contact me section, I was able to link my email address so when clicked on it, the viewer will go to their default email application to send an email. 

- It was great using the favicons for the bottom of the page.


## Screenshots
This is the main screen for the full size view.
![Mainpage in full size view](./public/assets/images/reactMain.png)

This is a view of the project cards in the full size view. 
![Project cards for full size view](./public/assets/images/reactProject.png)

This is the view of the resume page.  
![Resume page](./public/assets/images/reactResume.png)

This is the view of the contact form.
![Contact page](./public/assets/images/reactSignup1.png)

This is the mobile responsive version of the main page. ![Mobile sive view of main page](./public/assets/images/reactMainSmall.png)

## Contributor
- Stephanie Davis

## Questions
If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. 
- GitHub: [whatawhat](www.github.com/whatawhat) to visit my repository
- Email: stephedavis12@gmail.com
